# 2020-12-16 Gardner

> Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in

Starting with a quote is an oft-used technique. It makes me ask myself: Why is this technique used? What does it mean? But it somehow sets a tone or something. Such as "Hello, you are about to read an essay."

Aside:
- Do you really want me to drink from that stream - teeming with gardia and cow andd fish poo?
- Thoreau may like metaphor's. And he likes to mix 'em too. Fishing, drinkin, measurin depth all in one sentence.
- Would be nice to know source of quote


> I have decided to take some time to think about what I am doing with my time...

Tell them what you are going to tell them. Message stated clearly. Nice recursion of "time"

> river time

Nice invention!


> "Love living..." to "daily rituals..."

This paragraph is a bit of a jump from previous thought. Could use more of a into or transition.


> But how to improve my life for the coming year?

If time is a river, why choose just a year? Perhaps consider planning for several years or until there is some change in health or life?

> Chess and watercolors

Nice old-timey pastimes. Have you ever considered pastimes of the future - such as PhotoShop or World of Warcraft?

> I’m looking for rituals that will enhance my life because  I feel that ‘Time is a Scare Commodity.'

Now that you have our attention, why not end by adding one more sentence that is a call to action? example: "If you have a good thought, for me or for all of us, put it in a message in a bottle and drop it upstream!"




https://www.beaconbroadside.com/broadside/2017/07/some-thoughts-on-henry-david-thoreau-and-the-nature-of-time-on-the-bicentennial-of-his-birth.html