# 2020-07-05 Michael

## Bitter lessons from an old sourpuss

_Where did I learn it's better to be bitter? A pint of Young's Bitter drawn at The Windmill pub on Clapham Common is what brought me that sweetness. ;-)_

The title has little to do with this post apart from introducing a delicious topic: drinking tasty alcohol products.

Michael. my comments to you the other day regarding "green onion beer" came about because of this amusing story:

[A taste of democracy: South Korea’s 16-year fight for a green onion breakfast cereal]( https://www.reuters.com/article/us-southkorea-cereal/a-taste-of-democracy-south-koreas-16-year-fight-for-a-green-onion-breakfast-cereal-idUSKBN241160 )
* [South Korea Gets Long Awaited Green Onion Chex]( https://www.npr.org/2020/07/05/887386848/south-korea-gets-long-awaited-green-onion-chex )

Note the last sentence of the second article!

I also mentioned a special taste but could not remember the work It's [Umami]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umami ).

All this leads up to the thought that there are many possibilities opening up for new fermented beverages. Some that come to mind include:

* Ginger beer has seen a recent resurgence. What about alcoholic ginger products?
* Ditto peppercorns, wasabi and [fish sauce]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fish_sauce )
* Ditto green onions, leeks and endives. Garlic?? Durian??
* One that would interest me a lot: licorice

The other interesting aspect to such a venture is ensuring profitability. 

I am quite certain there is a market for innovative, fermented (live), non-sweet alcohol products that are fresh. These are products that peeps like InBev would have trouble producing. On the other hand, small producers cannot develop the market and supply huge regions.

The traditional way of doing this is to originate industry standards. Things that come to mind are Raspberry Pi computers, Arduino controllers, anything to do with bicycles, the Linux operating system, Python computer Language, HTML and almost anything to do with beer and wine making. All involve thousands of small players working collectively and competitively. The very interesting this is that the originators and guardians of the standard are treated as gods and compensated well. For example, the title of the originator of the Python programming language is "Benevolent Dictator for Life".

Defining a standard is tricky. It's more than just a recipe. But my guess is that you already work with a lot of standards. So you might consider joining up with some of your colleagues here in the Bay Area and see if you can establish some standards.

Anyway, these are just some thoughts off the top of my head. If you find any of these interesting then we can discuss in detail.

And thank you for providing me with some tasty drinking moments!

